Thank you for volunteering.  
You have been selected to be on the Next Day Video volunteer crew.   

You are on a team of 11:

Carl Karsten - carl@NextDayVideo.com - Team Lead  

Rachel - Logistics 
Roman - Training 
Forest - Open Camps chair

4 from Chicago


4 from Nashville

It will be handy if the 4 from Chicago are on the same flight, but if that doesn't fit your schedule we can try to accomodate you.

Please go to aa.com, book these or what ever works for you, put it on 24 hour hold, send me the record locater number, and I will pay for them.

American Airlines

Flight 3360 
Chicago (ORD) – Nashville (BNA)
12:15 PM – 1:46 PM

Flight 3581 
Nashville (BNA) – Chicago (ORD)
9:15 AM – 10:55 AM

When booking, use your email address to get notifactions.  In addition to your frequent flyer number, please enter Business Extra Number: 537686
It's like a frequent flyer number for businesses.
(It's under "Promo Codes and Accounts" near "Trip Contact/phone #)

Schedule for Sat-Tues

Saturday:
When you arrive in Nashville, Take the hotel shuttle to the hotel.  Check in, leave your luggge in your room, and walk over to the venue: 

Le School
123 street

Training is scheduled to start at 4pm in Room 1. This is the first time the Nashville crew has seen the setup, and it will give us all a chance to meet and greet each other.

We will go out to eat.

Sunday:
8am, report to Room 1. Roman will give you room assingments. We expet to pair up 1 Chicago person with 1 Nashvill so that every room has someone with some experianc (the Chicago meetup) 

At lunch time we hope to have some of the first talks ready for editing in the production room. Bring the first page of recording sheets there, we will all process a talk or two and then go eat lunch. 

When talks are over Sunday afternoon, shut down and power off the systems.  Bring the recording sheets to the production room, we will process the days talks and go to dinner.  As attendees, we are welcome at any Nodevemeber eventing events.


Monday will be similar:
8am report to Roman, hopefully same rooms, lunch time bring sheet to production room.  End of day will be figured out at the end of the day. Likely it will be bringing the equpment to the produciton  



Catch your flight home and have a safe trip.

